=======
Licence
=======

The original code in :mod:`lass_utils` is dual-licenced under the
terms of the GNU General Public Licence, version 2 (included as
``COPYING.GPL``) and the terms of the licence(s) included in
``LICENSE``.

This code is based on a reusable app template from DabApps, licenced
under the 2-clause BSD licence; this licence and copyright notice is
also included in ``LICENSE``.

GPL Declaration
===============

Copyright (C) 2012 University Radio York and contributors

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA
02110-1301, USA.

Why GPL2?
---------

The various *django-lass-XYZ* modules were split from a project that
was licenced under the GPL2 due to including ``xapian-haystack``.  The
terms of this licence are preserved, but the copyright holders of the
code decided to licence the original code (as separate from the work
including xapian) under the terms of 2-clause BSD as well.  Hence the
kerfuffle.

This documentation
==================

As this documentation is mostly extracted from the source, it is also
distributed under the terms of 2BSD/GPL2 (for better or worse).
